added prop to disable side by side toggle (#92)
iTwin/changed-elements-react: packages/changed-elements-react/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/iTwin/changed-elements-react/tree/HEAD/packages/changed-elements-react)

> ### Patch changes

Reviewer: Patch changes are for bug fixes. This is a `### Minor changes`

> * Added props for disable side by side toggle in PropertyComparisonTable

Reviewer: Use present tense, be more concrete so that a person knows how to use the new feature.

```suggestion
* `PropertyComparisonTable`: Add ability to hide side-by-side comparison toggle by setting `displaySideBySideToggle` property to `false`
```
